roundNo	questionNo	questionText	answerText
Round 1 Player 1	Question 1	"Sapsan, the name for the high-speed rail service connecting Moscow, St Petersburg and Nizhny Novgorod, appropriately translates to which ""wandering"" bird, the fastest bird in the world and also the fastest member of the animal kingdom?"	Peregrine Falcon
Round 1 Player 1	Question 2	"The Loves of the Gods is a mythology themed monumental fresco cycle, completed by the Bolognese artist Annibale Carracci. In one scene, the cyclops Polyphemus is declaring his love for which nereid, who is actually in love with the mortal Acis? This nereid whose name means ""milk-white"" shares her name with a Greek statue immortalised in a play."	Galatea
Round 1 Player 2	Question 1	"According to legend, which dish was created by Marseille fishermen? They cooked the rockfish pulled up with their nets, since they were too bony for restaurants. The ingredients are not added all at once. Each time, the broth comes to a boil, the heat is lowered and different fish are added. This is what gives it its name."	Bouillabaisse
Round 1 Player 2	Question 2	"Which comic strip had its origin in Li'l Folks, a weekly panel cartoon that appeared in the newspaper St. Paul Pioneer Press, from 1947 to 1950? It focuses entirely on a social circle of young children, where adults exist but are never seen and rarely heard."	Peanuts
Round 1 Player 3	Question 1	"Which Indonesian was the Chief Guest at the first Indian Republic Day Parade in 1950? His daughter served as President as well, and was famously given her first name by the future Chief Minister of Odisha, Biju Patnaik."	Sukarno
Round 1 Player 3	Question 2	"The first winner of the Spiel des Jahres [SHPEEL-DES-YA-RUHS} was this board game by David Parlett, that was developed in 1974. What board game that is based on a fable by Aesop is this? The fable and the game deal with two animals who decide to race each other."	Hare and Tortoise
Round 1 Player 4	Question 1	"The Hustler and The Color of Money, which got Paul Newman a Best Actor Oscar nomination and win respectively, were both based on novels by Walter Tevis, who came back into popular consciousness last year thanks to which widely acclaimed 7-episode mini-series?"	The Queen's Gambit
Round 1 Player 4	Question 2	"What name is given to the phenomenon, exhibited by certain metals and alloys at high temperatures, of stretching to extreme lengths without breaking? Materials displaying this super property are used in aerospace and also in making thin, contoured shapes."	Superplasticity
Round 2 Player 1	Question 1	"Also dubbed 'the color of the millennium', what was Pantone's Color of the Year for 2000? It is the color of a serene clear day, and connotes peaceful and relaxing times for consumers seeking spirituality and calmness. This one-word name derives from the Latin word for 'sky', and ranges somewhere between azure and a darker sky colour."	Cerulean blue
Round 2 Player 1	Question 2	"AFI's ""100 Years... 100 Movie Quotes"" is a list of the top 100 quotations in American cinema, released in 2005. What four words make up entry No. 44 on the list? It is said by the youngest entrant on the list by real age and by age of character."	“I see dead people”
Round 2 Player 2	Question 1	What name is given to the phenomenon where a substance shows zero viscosity and flows without any loss of kinetic energy? It was the basis for the 1996 Physics Nobel Prize win. This super theory was co-developed by Soviet theoretical physicist Lev Landau.	Superfluidity
Round 2 Player 2	Question 2	"This is a tile-based German-style board game for two to five players, designed by Klaus-Jurgen Wrede. It received the Spiel des Jahres in 2001, and was named after a medieval fortified town in Southern France. What board game is this?"	Carcassonne
Round 2 Player 3	Question 1	"German architect Otto Konigsberger is known for designing the main buildings of IISC in Bengaluru and the TIFR in Mumbai. His introduction to India came through his scientist uncle, who recommended his name to the Diwan of Mysore. Who was this Nobel Laureate uncle?"	Max Born
Round 2 Player 3	Question 2	In which European city was most of Queen’s Gambit shot in? The Schloss Schulzendorf is used as the exterior of the “Methuen Home for Girls.” And the final scene of Beth walking in Moscow was filmed at Rosengarten Square in the Karl Marx Allee.	Berlin
Round 2 Player 4	Question 1	"In 2002, BBC ran a poll to find the 100 greatest Britons. Winston Churchill finished #1. Since then there have been many spinoff polls in other countries by other networks. In a show produced by the channel France 2, who was deemed the #1 French citizen ever? This officer of the First World War was a national hero, and as a statesman led Free France against Nazi Germany during World War II."	Charles de Gaulle
Round 2 Player 4	Question 2	"Which landlocked country is home to the Danakil Depression? Considered the most uninhabitable place on Earth, the depression's landscape consists of burning salt, volcanic rock, and sulfuric acid. It lies predominantly in that country's Afar Region, with small parts extending into neighbouring countries as well. Dallol, the hottest inhabited place on Earth, and Gaet'ale [GATE-A-LAY] Pond, the saltiest water body on Earth, are also in this country."	Ethiopia
Round 3 Player 1	Question 1	"Of the 3 men to have been the Chief Guest at the Indian Republic Day Parade twice, which dictator was also one of the co-founders of the Non Aligned Movement? He attended the parade in 1968 and 1974."	Josip Broz Tito
Round 3 Player 1	Question 2	"As a player, who holds the unenviable record of most 2nd Places in NBA Finals? He lost eight of the nine NBA finals while playing for the LA Lakers. His nicknames include Mr. Clutch and Mr. Outside, but he is best known outside basketball thanks to the work of graphic designer Alan Siegel."	Jerry West
Round 3 Player 2	Question 1	"In a scene from Annibale Carracci's The Loves of the Gods, who is depicted as being abducted by Zeus/Jupiter to the island of Crete? This Phoenician princess was the mother of King Minos and gave her name to a geographical entity more than 10 million square kilometres in area. In the story depicted, Zeus/Jupiter is in the guise of a white bull."	Europa
Round 3 Player 2	Question 2	"The opening of which 1961 movie, where the lead actress gazes into a flagship store's shop window, was reportedly difficult to shoot because of the crowd and an accident involving a crew member? In the film, she plays a naive, eccentric cafe society girl who falls in love with a struggling writer."	Breakfast at Tiffany's
Round 3 Player 3	Question 1	"Stigler's law of eponymy, proposed by University of Chicago statistics professor Stephen Stigler states that no scientific discovery is named after its original discoverer. An example of this is the theoretical area comprising of predominantly icy planetesimals surrounding the Sun at distances ranging from 0.03 to 3.2 light-years, the outer range of which defines the cosmographic boundary of the Solar System. Although first postulated by Ernst Opik in 1932, which Dutch scientist revived and gave his name to the idea in 1950?"	JAN OORT
Round 3 Player 3	Question 2	The high-speed rail service in Morocco is named after which mythical creature that is said to have transported the Prophet Muhammad from Mecca to Jerusalem during the night? The name is doubly appropriate given the creature in question gets its name from the Arabic word for lightning.	Boraq
Round 3 Player 4	Question 1	"The name of which dish comes from Arabic for ""soaked bread"" since bread was dipped and consumed alongside it? This Andalusian soup was first consumed during the Moorish occupation of the Iberian Peninsula. The addition of Tomato is a newer development, incorporated after the colonization of Mexico."	Gazpacho
Round 3 Player 4	Question 2	"No. 38 on the AFI quotes list is ""Today, I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the Earth"". It is one of four quotes that are from real life sources. Who said this in real life, the subject of the biographical movie the quote is from?"	Lou Gehrig
Round 4 Player 1	Question 1	"US Vogue editor Anna Wintour was believed to have inspired the character Miranda Priestley from what 2003 book by Lauren Weisberger that was made into a 2006 hit film? Its sequel's title suggests ""Revenge"", while a third novel, When Life Gives You Lululemons, was published in 2018."	The Devil Wears Prada
Round 4 Player 1	Question 2	"Another example of Stigler's law is the electrical circuit used to measure an unknown electrical resistance by balancing two legs of a bridge circuit. Although the forerunner was invented by Samuel Christie in 1833, it was eventually named after which Englishman, the inventor of the stereoscope and the Playfair cipher?"	CHARLES WHEATSTONE
Round 4 Player 2	Question 1	"In a show produced by Discovery to find the Greatest American, who was ranked #1? During the two terms of this former president of the USA, the economy saw a huge reduction in inflation. He publicly described the Soviet Union as an ""evil empire"" and spurred forward the ""War on Drugs""."	Ronald Reagan
Round 4 Player 2	Question 2	"At the northern end of which populous island is the world's snowiest place, Aomori, located? Aomori routinely gets more than 300 inches of snowfall per year, and perhaps ironically, means ""blue/green forest"" in Japanese."	Honshu
Round 4 Player 3	Question 1	"What was Pantone's Color of the Year for 2015? It takes its name from a fortified wine produced in the Italian region of Siciliy. The wine shares its name with the city where it is produced, which is otherwise famous as the place where Giuseppe Garibaldi's 'Expedition of the Thousand' docked on May 11, 1860."	Marsala
Round 4 Player 3	Question 2	"Created in 1970 in ""the throes of '60s and '70s counterculture,"" and frequently political in nature, this comic strip came to life in a Yale University Student newsletter, and features its titular character Michael [BLANK], who started out as a nerdish freshman from Tulsa at the fictional Walden College, and has now become a ‘youthful’ senior citizen. Which comic strip is this?"	DOONESBURY
Round 4 Player 4	Question 1	"The theatre at the School of Drama and Fine Arts in Thrissur, the Centre of Development Studies in Trivandrum and the Pallikoodam School in Kottayam have all been designed by which British-born architect who spent the last 4 decades of his life in Kerala, eventually becoming an Indian citizen?"	Laurie Baker
Round 4 Player 4	Question 2	"Which Golden Bear holds the record for finishing the most golfing majors in 2nd position, doing it a record 19 times? He also holds the record for most majors won, with 18."	Jack Nicklaus
Round 5 Player 1	Question 1	"What dish prefixes the word ""Communism"" in the type of Communism that was practiced in Hungary following their 1956 revolution? The name is a metaphor derived from the traditional Hungarian soup, since it is made with an assortment of dissimilar ingredients. Here it represents how Hungarian communism became a mixed ideology, no longer strictly adhering to Marxist–Leninist interpretations."	Goulash
Round 5 Player 1	Question 2	"This comic was created by Arthur Momand, who had earlier worked as a newspaper illustrator. It debuted on March 31, 1913 in The New York Globe, and follows the lives of the McGinies, a family of social climbers. Although the strip ended in 1938, its name lives on as a well-known catchphrase that deals with relative social standing. Which comic strip/catchphrase is this?"	KEEPING UP WITH THE JONESES
Round 5 Player 2	Question 1	"One of the few real life characters mentioned in The Queen's Gambit is the former World Women's Chess Champion Nona Gaprindashvili [GUPP-RIN-DAASH-WILLY]. The commentator in the show however makes a statement about her that is untrue, and Gaprindashvili expressed huge disappointment in real life over it. What was this statement made in the show?"	Never competed against a male player
Round 5 Player 2	Question 2	"Of the 3 kinds of service on the Japanese Shinkansen (or bullet train) network, if 2 are the semi-fast Hikari and the all-stop Kodama, what name meaning 'hope' or 'wish' in Japanese is given to the fastest service with the minimum number of stops? The name is familiar to sports fans courtesy a contemporary sporting rivalry involving an Indian, which spans two World Championship finals."	Nozomi
Round 5 Player 3	Question 1	"In a show produced by ZDF channel, who was deemed Germany's ""Best"" citizen? This first Chancellor of West Germany switched focus from denazification to recovery, and led the country from the ruins of World War II to becoming a prosperous nation that forged close relations with France, UK and USA. He remains the oldest head of government of a major country in modern European history, resigning at the age of 87."	Konrad Adenauer
Round 5 Player 3	Question 2	"What name is given to the large bright explosion at the end of a star's life cycle? This can happen when a white dwarf in a binary star system accumulates too much matter to explode, or when a star consumes all its fuel, and its gravitational force causes it to collapse, leading to a large explosion."	Supernova
Round 5 Player 4	Question 1	"In a scene from Annibale Carracci's The Loves of the Gods, the messenger God Mercury delivers the Apple of Discord to which Greek hero? This hero's elopement with the Queen of Sparta was one of the immediate causes of the Trojan War."	Paris
Round 5 Player 4	Question 2	Which railway-themed German-style board game designed by Alan R. Moon won the Spiel des Jahres in 2004? It shares its name with a 1965 single that appeared on the album Help!	Ticket to Ride
Round 6 Player 1	Question 1	"Made famous by Cary Grant in North by Northwest, this beverage was quite popular in the period in which The Queen's Gambit is set and has rightfully made a comeback following the success of the series. Which cocktail that should make you think gin, not guitar?"	Gibson cocktail
Round 6 Player 1	Question 2	"In a show produced by SABC channel, it was undoubtedly Nelson Mandela who was deemed the greatest South African. But who was ranked #2? This man revolutionised medical science by achieving a certain first on 3 December 1967, courtesy Denise Darvall."	Dr. Christian Barnaard
Round 6 Player 2	Question 1	"The main building of Muir Central College in Prayagraaj is one of the greatest standing examples of Indo-Saracenic architecture. Its architect, Sir William Emerson, is also known for which other building in the same style, located further to the east of the country and completed exactly a century ago in 1921?"	Victoria Memorial
Round 6 Player 2	Question 2	"Another example of Stigler's law is this two-word term for a hypothetical megastructure that completely encompasses a star and captures a large percentage of its power output. It is a thought experiment that was first described by Olaf Stapledon in his 1937 science fiction novel Star Maker. However, it is named after a British physicist who popularized the concept in a 1960 paper. Which physicist?"	FREEMAN DYSON
Round 6 Player 3	Question 1	"In 2020, Ukraine made a proposal to add which dish to the UNESCO list of intangible heritage? The characteristic colour of the soup comes from the use of the vegetable beet although the taste is built by using a meat stock."	Borscht
Round 6 Player 3	Question 2	"Who finished second in the 200 meter sprint at the 1968 Summer Olympics? At his funeral in 2006, those who finished first and third in this event served as pallbearers."	Peter Norman
Round 6 Player 4	Question 1	"Which comic strip was started by Chic Young in 1930? It was originally designed to follow in the footsteps of Young's earlier ""pretty girl"" creations Beautiful Bab and Dumb Dora. It focused on the adventures of [BLANK] Boopadoop, a carefree flapper girl who spent her days in dancehalls along with her boyfriend Dagwood, heir to an industrial fortune."	BLONDIE
Round 6 Player 4	Question 2	"What was the appropriate name - a word that India can't have enough of this month - of the special high speed rail service operated by the Southeastern Rail Company between St Pancras and Ebbsfleet International Stations, during the London 2012 Olympics and Paralympics?"	Javelin
Round 7 Player 1	Question 1	What name is given to the phenomenon where a substance conducts electricity without resistance when it becomes colder than a critical temperature? This super phenomenon was first observed by Heike Onnes when studying the resistance of mercury at cryogenic temperatures using liquid helium as a refrigerant.	Superconductivity
Round 7 Player 1	Question 2	"Which class of games for two or more players requires the ability to deceive and detect an opponent's deception? One version, named Call My Bluff won the 1993 Spiel des Jahres. This class of games shares its name with an acclaimed 2013 Indian film starring Nawazuddin Siddique and Geetanjali Thapa."	Liar's Dice
Round 7 Player 2	Question 1	"Which Asian king was one of the 3 men to have twice been the Chief Guest at the Indian Republic Day Parade? His first visit was in 1984 and then again in 2005. His house has ruled a country/kingdom since 1861, and 4 out of 5 kings have had the same first name that means ""fearless"" in Tibetan. You can give either the first name or the name of the dynasty."	Jigme Singye Wangchuk
Round 7 Player 2	Question 2	"No. 7 on the AFI 100 Quotes list, which real-life person is name dropped by Gloria Swanson's character Norma Desmond when she says she is ""ready for her close up"" in the film Sunset Boulevard?"	Cecil B DeMille
Round 7 Player 3	Question 1	"In a scene from Annibale Carracci's The Loves of the Gods, who distracts the father of the Gods Jupiter, to keep him from intervening in the Trojan War? This Goddess is equated to the Greek Goddess Hera, and gives her name to a fertilization facilitating protein on the surface of mammalian eggs, as well as a 2016 NASA Mission."	Juno
Round 7 Player 3	Question 2	"Which thunderous sounding mountain on Baffin Island is home to Earth’s greatest vertical drop, of 1,250m? The cliff overhang is at an average angle of 15 degrees from the vertical. It’s a popular rock climbing site and camping destination. Another mountain on this island named along the same theme is the twin peaked Mount Asgard in the Cumberland Peninsula."	Mount Thor
Round 7 Player 4	Question 1	"Which was the last song recorded by Janis Joplin? In the song, she begs God to buy her a particular car, since her ""friends all drive Porsches"" and she ""worked hard all her life with no help"". She passed away just three days later of a heroin overdose."	Mercedes Benz
Round 7 Player 4	Question 2	"What was Pantone's Color of the Year for 2009? It was a 'warm, engaging yellow' to denote optimism and hope in a time of economic and political turbulence. The one-word name of this color is also a flower of the same shade, Acacia dealbata, and also a popular cocktail made with champagne and chilled citrus juice."	Mimosa
Round 8 Player 1	Question 1	"An art gallery at Yale, research labs at the University of Pennsylvania and a Medical College in Dhaka (besides its Parliament House) are some of the buildings designed by which architect? He is best known in India as the chief architect of a well-known institute in the west of the country."	Louis Kahn
Round 8 Player 1	Question 2	"Which country does Bouvet Island, the most remote island in the World, belong to? The next closest land point is 1,160 kilometres away, and is called Queen Maud Land, which is also claimed by the same country."	Norway
Round 8 Player 2	Question 1	"What was Pantone's Color of the Year for 2010? It is an oceanic blue-green shade to represent a comforting escape from the troubles of the world. It shares its name with an ornamental stone believed to be a protective talisman in many cultures. The one-word name dates to the 17th century, and is derived from the French word for a country located on the transportation route of the stone ? from Persia to Europe."	Turquoise
Round 8 Player 2	Question 2	"At the 2008 Olympics, who did Serbia's Milorad Cavic lose to by 0.01 seconds in an event? Cavic appeared to be ahead all the way to the wall, but eventually fell short. The winner thus ensured he would not be stopped on his way to making history at this edition of the games."	Michael Phelps
Round 8 Player 3	Question 1	"Peaking at #3 on the US Billboard Hot 100, what trap/hiphop track by Lil Pump was mocked for its repetitive structure by memes and Eminem alike? Its music video includes, as per Lil Pump's wishes, a real tiger, a school, and a food fight."	Gucci Gang
Round 8 Player 3	Question 2	"Consisting of only two words, which is the only quote in the AFI's ""100 Years... 100 Movie Quotes"" list that is from a movie released in the 21st century? It is also the only one on the list by a CGI character."	My precious
Round 8 Player 4	Question 1	"An example of Stigler's Law is the naming of the maximum mass of a stable white dwarf star, above which it converts into a neutron star or black hole. Although first calculated by Stoner and Anderson in 1929, the scientist after whom it is named refined the calculations in 1930. What is this mass called?"	CHANDRASHEKHAR LIMIT
Round 8 Player 4	Question 2	"Who was Chief Guest at the 2019 Indian Republic Day Parade? This first president of a Central Asian country had five terms between 1990 and 2019. His years of power have been criticised for being a dictatorship and running virtually unopposed in elections. After he resigned in 2019, the national capital was renamed in his honour."	Nursultan Nazarbayev
Spare question	Question 1	"Which American tennis legend of Luxembourgian descent holds the record for most Slam final losses in the Open Era? Even though she has won 18 Grand Slam titles, she has also lost 16 times. Most of these were against her great rival Martina Navratilova."	Christine Marie Evert Lloyd
Spare question	Question 2	"Another example of Stigler’s law is which steel-making process which become the most important technique of its kind in the nineteenth century, and also played a significant role in establishing the town of Sheffield as a major industrial centre? Although it was discovered by William Kelly in 1851, the man after whom it is named took out a patent in 1855."	BESSEMER Process
Spare question	Question 3	"Which two-time Chief Guest at the Indian Republic Day parade is this? His first visit was in 1976 when he served as the Prime Minister of France. The second time was in 1998 when he served as the President, and drew criticism for his opposition to American attacks on Iraq."	Jacques CHIRAC
Tie-breaker 1	Question 1	"Although 12 quotes of the 100 AFI Quotes are from the closing lines of films, what short quote is the only one that is from the opening line of a film?"	ROSEBUD
Tie-breaker 1	Question 2	"An example of Stigler’s law from a non-scientific field, this cinematic “standard” first appeared in the 1985 comic strip, Dykes To Watch Out For. The creator of the strip however always insisted on giving her friend Liz Wallace the credit for coming up with which standard, inspired by Virginia Woolf’s A Room of One’s Own?"	BECHDEL Test
Tie-breaker 1	Question 3	Who was the Chief Guest at the Indian Republic Day Parade in 2015? He is the only ever Head of State/Government from his country to grace the occasion as its Chief Guest.	Barack OBAMA
Tie-breaker 2	Question 1	"The name of which Italian dish translates to ""thick vegetable soup"" in English? This soup first appeared during World War I. With the food scarcity prevalent, peasants invented a salty broth, in which all available veggies were cooked. At the time, the dish was prepared in the city squares in large cauldrons."	MINESTRONE Soup
Tie-breaker 2	Question 2	"Which London-born Formula One legend and icon holds the ""distinction"" of most 2nd places in the F1 Drivers' Championship, without once winning the title? He has also won the most races among those who have never won the Championship."	STIRLING MOSS
Tie-breaker 2	Question 3	"In a show produced by Russia TV channel, who was deemed to be the most notable figure in Russian history? This person rose to legendary status on account of his military victories over German and Swedish invaders, preserved Russian statehood and Russian Orthodoxy, and was canonized as a saint of the Russian Orthodox Church in 1547."	Alexander NEVSKY
Guesstimate	Question	The record for most balls delivered by one bowler in a Test cricket innings is held by Sonny Ramadhin of West Indies since 1957. What is the number?	588 balls.
